Okay. Next one, 6591. Okay. Um, this story Carmen is blocked by, let me see if I see the email. Um, this one? The one that, uh, 6592. Yeah. Yes, yes, that is also release. Yes. Let me go by this one first, no? Yeah. Mhm. Okay, perfect. This one, it would be uh great if uh Patik can take it because he was working on the on the second request, so you know, he can take this first and then work in the other one, okay? Yeah, yes. Okay, okay. Yeah. So the idea here is just to create a new field in the user object, which is called uh the deactivation date. And um, So we are explaining it's going to be located on their subdivision. It's going to be read only in the layout, and that is. Uh, but it's going to have a logic. So, um, every time an admin deactivates a user, we want that field to take the information from today's date. So, it's going to, um, there's going to be a process that needs to stamp today's date or the deactivation date of the user, and we are going to have it in that field. Okay. So quick question, quick question, meaning when the admin, uh, click on inactive, is inactive, uncheck this one, the see and just save the record, the system is going to stamp the system time. To the, yeah, to date, the date, the current date, the current date. Yeah, and then we sometimes have the, uh, Uh, the scenario where we activate a new user. So in the scenario that a user is activated, then we want the deactivation date to be blank. Okay? So that's the request. Yeah. So, as a friendly reminder, it's important when we create a new field, we follow the naming and convention that we have, okay? I think to avoid any other issue and we had in the last. This environment, okay? Yeah. Okay, perfect. What is the estimation for you? Story five. Two? Yes, two. Thank you. Thank you. Uh QA? One. Okay. Okay. Then we get to the 6591 now. Okay, um, and this. This one, Pratik, you're familiar with this, and also Bella Man, um because um the process that we have that is sending uh emails um uh taking. Um, taking information from the last seven days that the user was deactivated, and then we send emails to the household leads, and opportunity, based on, I mean, we send the emails to the managers with the information of the household leads and opportunities that were owned by the user that was deactivated. Um, we noticed that that is happening or is considering the last time the user, um, re Record was modified, so right now the request is to use the field that we are creating, okay? So we are creating the field that is the activation date, and then we are going to work based on that. So the query will just take the users that were deactivated the last seven days. Yeah, okay, but based on that field, based on that field and not in the last modified date. Okay? Yeah. Is that clear? Yes, yes, yes. Okay. Okay So we have a lot of regression testing here, right, Mariela, where I need to be. Yes, yes, I'm yeah, I mean, yeah, because we need it's not like kind of regression testing. I'm I'm just putting this to, so velavan can see the emails that we received because the emails are going to be the same. Um and he can, you know, because I won't write everything all the emails and everything there. Yeah. But uh basically, um what we. What we are changing is that, um, what is the trigger point here? Because it was the last modified date, and now we need the deactivation date. Uh yeah. Okay, guys. So yeah, regression testing because he needs to, and then I have to put in here regression testing because he needs to, you know, to make sure that the users that were modified a while ago, that we are not receiving the emails for those users. I put it yes here, okay? Yes, okay, thank you. Give mi solution for this two story I don't need to explain I just need a solution In this story 6591 we used three different batch class BatchUpdateInactiveHHOwner BatchUpdateInactiveLead BatchUpdateInactiveOppOwner
