This request extends the existing Salesforce Flow CRM_Loan-OnePATHE_Always_Create_Oppty_Identified (built in PLIG-6915) to cover all remaining Loan Opportunity record types, ensuring they are always created at the correct default stage.

Changes Made
1. Flow — Save As New Version
Renamed the existing flow to reflect all Loan opportunity types:

Flow Label: CRM All Loan Opportunities Always Create Oppty Identified
Description: As a Relationship Manager (RM) I want newly created Loan-OnePATHE, Loan-LenderAi, Loan-NLP, and Loan-OPX Opportunities to always default to the "Opportunity Identified" stage, So that I can create the Opportunity without being prompted for information needed only in later stages.

Added 3 new OR conditions to the Start node (existing OnePATHE conditions remain untouched):
FieldOperatorValueRecord Type Dev NameEqualsBKU_Loan_LenderAiRecord Type Dev NameEqualsBKU_Loan_NLPRecord Type Dev NameEqualsBKU_Loan_OPX
Stage Update step remains unchanged — Stage = "Opportunity Identified" applies to all Loan types.

2. Deposit Opportunity — No Flow Changes
The existing process already defaults the Deposit Opportunity Stage to "Initial Conversation". No new flow was created for Deposit. Only the page layout change is required (see below).

3. Page Layout Changes — Remove Stage Field
Removed the Stage field from the Opportunity creation screen for the following record types:
Record TypeLayout ChangeDepositStage field removedLoan - LenderAiStage field removedLoan - NLPStage field removedLoan - OPX (New, Renewal, Mod)Stage field removedLoan - OnePATHE (Pay-Down, Pay-Off, Advance)Already completed in PLIG-6915


Thanks, Mariela, for sharing the full list of 13 permission sets related to the TS_COA_ACH_Originations__c field.

I reviewed all 13 permission sets in the Dev FSC org, and I found that only 10 of them exist in this environment.
The following permission sets are not available in Dev FSC:

[Add the missing permission set names here]

Please advise if these 3 permission sets are expected to be available in Dev FSC, or if they exist only in other environments (INT/UAT/PROD).

Once confirmed, I will proceed with aligning permissions for the new field accordingly.


Hi Mariela,
As requested, I’ve attached the screenshot showing the reference field’s permissions.
Please let me know if you need additional details or if you’d like me to capture any other views.

Hi @Mariyala,
I analyzed this defect and found that the list view label has reached the maximum character limit allowed by Salesforce.
If we add a space before the “–”, the label will exceed the limit and cannot be saved.

To apply the requested change, we would need to shorten the list view name.
Please let me know if you approve updating it to:
“My Closed Loan – OPX Package Review Case” (removing the “s” from Cases).

Happy to proceed once I get your confirmation.

LEFT((!$Api.Enterprise_Server_URL_510),FIND('/services, (!$Api.Enterprise_Server_URL_510)))&(!Contactid)

Hi VK - I’m having an issue logging into the Copado org. I enter my username and password, and then the "Verify Your Identity" window shows up. But when I click the "Verify" button, nothing happens, and I can't proceed. Any idea what might be causing this?
Hi @Mariela Munoz Bolano,

Attached the screenshot for AC3 validation.

Verified that the four fields — Relationship, Status, Stage, and Primary Officer — are displaying correctly in Global Search for Product Packages.

Behavior aligns with the acceptance criteria. Moving the story to INT.

Hi @Mariela,
While updating the Global Search Layout for AC1, I noticed that there are already 7 fields configured.
Since Salesforce allows a maximum of 10 fields in a search layout, we can only add 3 out of the 4 new fields mentioned in the story.
Could you please confirm which of the 4 new fields are the most important to include?
Alternatively, we can remove one of the existing fields to accommodate all four, if that’s preferred.

Solution:
Create a custom Apex Trigger or Flow to restrict reassignment if the user's role is lower than the current owner’s role.
Flow can be used to create a validation that prevents users from reassigning cases where the role hierarchy is violated.

Create a Public Group for SSM Users
Go to Setup → Public Groups → New.
Label: SSM Group

Add all members listed:
Christopher Godfrey
Edgar Casiano
Janna Chinnery
JoAnn Robinson
Kristine Landini
Lenuta Uzun
Rosemary Hoadley
This allows you to use this group in sharing rules and Apex logic.

2. Case Object Sharing Settings
Navigate to Setup → Sharing Settings.
Set Case object to Private.
This ensures only owners and users with explicit sharing can view/edit.
Then create a Sharing Rule:
Type: Based on Criteria or Owner
Share with: Public Group → SSM Group
Access: Read/Write

✅ This ensures all SSM users can view and edit each other’s Cases.
